+++
title = "Version 2.1"
date = 2022-12-18
+++

This update includes multiple new features and improvements:

- Private list entry support! Private entries can only be seen by you, not by other AniList users. These are now shown with a "lock" icon in the List tab and on the details screen. To mark an item as private or not, tap the list status button and toggle the "Private" menu item. When you add a new item to your list, you can use the "Add Privately" menu item to make it private right away, which prevents it from showing up in your activity feed on AniList.
- Adult content controls: if adult content is enabled on your AniList account, you can now hide certain cover art by default, and hide certain items from Discover entirely if you'd like. When viewing anime & manga detail screens, you can tap on hidden cover art to un-hide it.
- Tap cover images on anime & manga detail screens to see a larger version!
- Cover images throughout the app are now higher quality
- Ryuusei can now open AniList links using a custom URL scheme. If you have an anilist.co link, simply replace "https://" with "ryuusei://" to open it in Ryuusei. This feature works the same kinds of URLs as opening from the clipboard. Try it out with apps like Shortcuts and see what you can build!
- If Ryuusei encounters an unexpected error (when you see a popup box about an error or a red banner), an error log is now automatically uploaded so I can help fix it. Crash logs and performance issues are also sent in the same way. This information is not associated with your AniList account. You can find more details in the updated Privacy Policy if you'd like to learn more.
- If you need it, a new option to help you delete your AniList account has been added to the Account settings screen
- Added a shortcut in Settings to rate the app on the App Store
- Improved performance when downloading large anime/manga lists
