+++
title = "Version 2.12.1"
date = 2025-10-31
+++

If ever there was an update for me to phone in the release notes, it'd be this one. "Bug fixes and other improvements", as big companies would say. But no! Instead I will talk about the changes in far too much detail:

- When pages have no data to display, they now show a nicer explanation of why they're empty. Sometimes there's just no data. Other times, you might need to log in or do something else to get data to show up. In all these cases, the app now explains it a bit better, and the messages themselves just look nicer.
- Quality of life improvements to the way errors are handled! Exciting, right? In a perfect world, you would never see these changes because errors would never happen. But they do, so you will eventually. This actually stems from the item above. What started as just a simple change for empty states spiraled out of control into a large overhaul of how I handle errors. It's actually kind of complicated, especially when you factor in differences between the "older" way of writing iOS apps (UIKit) versus the "newer" way (SwiftUI) (Ryuusei uses both)! To summarize the changes: most errors that happen on initial page load will now be shown inline rather than as a popup, which means that in most places you'll no longer see the weird behavior from before where you could cancel out of an error popup and see a loading spinner forever even though nothing was loading. And these inline error messages look nicer and are a bit easier to read! They're built on the same foundation as the "empty state" messages from the item above. There were more changes than that, but those were mostly under-the-hood things for better consistency in how errors are handled everywhere.
- [Possibly] fixed a [possible] crash on iOS 26 that was impacting a small number of users a large number of times. Like, a suspiciously large number of times. To the point that I wonder if it was actually crashing, or if the crash reporting system was spazzing out. It seems like this was happening especially when the app was first launched. Unfortunately I was not able to get it to happen myself. Anyway, I hope this is fixed now.
- Fixed a rare issue where songs could have a blank title, which was especially weird-looking in the "Copy" menu. Now it'll say "(Untitled)". I doubt this will happen often (I only saw this happen on CITY THE ANIMATION).
- Fixed error banner messages having 5 pixels of extra padding on the top (only on iOS 26), making them slightly off-center.

So yeah, "bug fixes and other improvements."
