+++
title = "Version 2.5"
date = 2023-12-15
+++

This update includes new features around studios and Shortcuts, improvements to search and Dashboard & List sorting, and various bug fixes.

New features and improvements:

- Studio Details! Tap on a studio from an Anime Detail page or use Search. See all the anime a studio was involved in and mark the studio as a favorite. Open links to studios on AniList.co from your clipboard like other AniList links.
- New App Shortcut to start a search! Quickly start a search using the Shortcuts app, Siri, or from Spotlight (iOS 17). You can even create your own Shortcut using the action to do things like highlight text on the web and immediately start a search in Ryuusei with it! (App Shortcuts are available on iOS 16 and up.)
- The app icon now has a quick link to get to the Search screen. Long-press / 3D Touch on the app icon on your Home Screen or App Library to try it out!
- Added the ability to search for characters and users
- Genres on Details screens can now be tapped to browse top anime/manga with that genre
- Tags can now be tapped to browse top anime/manga with that tag. For tags that are typically spoilers, a warning is shown first. Long pressing a tag gives the option to view a description of the tag.
- The Dashboard and List can now be sorted by when items were added to your list
- The Dashboard can now be sorted by next airing episode
- Improved the layout of the Help & Feedback screen

Bug fixes:

- Fixed: the Airing Schedule widget did not update when Ryuusei was re-opened after an anime aired and the anime had a new episode upcoming
- Fixed: Anime and Manga Detail screens could send unnecessary requests when the app was re-opened, which in some cases caused AniList to rate limit you
- Fixed: tapping on a user's avatar or username could unexpectedly follow/unfollow them
- Fixed: the Dashboard would sometimes briefly show an empty state instead of a loading state when the app was first launched
- Fixed: section headers on Details screens were partially off-screen when using certain iPhones in landscape orientation

This is the last major version of Ryuusei that will support iOS 15. If possible, please consider upgrading to continue getting new features.
